README.md, before:

# F1 Fantasy

## It's Light Out And Away We Go!

![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-purple) ![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0-red) 

## <u>Table of Contents</u>
1. [Description](#description)
3. [Contributing](#contributing)
4. [Questions](#questions)
5. [License](#license)

## Description

A F1 fantasy league where you can pick your favourite drivers on the grid and compete against your friends to see who will win the F1 World Championship.

Select up to 2 drivers, and track how they perform during every grandprix. Make trade, drop and add new drivers and see who finished with the most points at the end of the year.

## It's Light Out And Away We Go!

## Contributing
***

To contribute to this application, push any enhancements and changes you code and send an email to charanvir123@gmail.com. The developer will get back to you if they wish to implement any of the code changes you've made. 

## Questions
***
To view more projects visit my [Github](https://github.com/Charanvir) account.

Direct any additional questions you have regarding this application to charanvir123@gmail.com

## License
***
The following application is covered under the MIT License

## Great Developers Who Have Worked On This Application

Charanvir Singh [Github](https://github.com/Charanvir/)

Manveer Sohal [Github](https://github.com/manveer-sohal)

Commit message:

Added technology/frameworks section to Readme.md

README.md, after:

# F1 Fantasy

## It's Light Out And Away We Go!

![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-purple) ![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0-red) 

## <u>Table of Contents</u>
1. [Description](#description)
2. [Technologies](#technologiesframeworks)
3. [Contributing](#contributing)
4. [Questions](#questions)
5. [License](#license)
6. [Authors](#great-developers-who-have-worked-on-this-application)

## Description

A F1 fantasy league where you can pick your favourite drivers on the grid and compete against your friends to see who will win the F1 World Championship.

Select up to 2 drivers, and track how they perform during every grandprix. Make trade, drop and add new drivers and see who finished with the most points at the end of the year.

## Technologies/Frameworks
### Backend
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-blue)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apollo_Server-blue)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-blue)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/Graphql-blue)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jsonwebtokens-blue)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mongoose-blue)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bcrypt-blue)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-blue)

### Frontend
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apollo_Client-red)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/Material_UI-red)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-red)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/Graphql-red)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jwt_decode-red)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-red)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Dom-red)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router_Dom-red)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/JSX-red)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-red)


## Contributing
***

To contribute to this application, push any enhancements and changes you code and send an email to charanvir123@gmail.com. The developer will get back to you if they wish to implement any of the code changes you've made. Any help that can enhance the application and the user experience is much appreciated. 

## Questions
***
To view more projects visit my [Github](https://github.com/Charanvir) account.

Direct any additional questions you have regarding this application to charanvir123@gmail.com

## License
***
The following application is covered under the MIT License

## Great Developers Who Have Worked On This Application
***

Lead Developer:
Charanvir Singh [Github](https://github.com/Charanvir/)

Developers: 
Manveer Sohal [Github](https://github.com/manveer-sohal)
